Update tox configuration for building docs (#1206)
PlasmaPy/PlasmaPy: docs/development/doc_guide.rst

You can access the documentation landing page by opening
:file:`docs/_build/html/index.html` with your browser of choice.

You can shorten the documentation build by running:

.. code-block:: bash

   tox -e build_docs -- -j=auto

> This command will build the documentation in parallel, with the number
> of processes being automatically determined. Flags that follow the
> ``--`` are passed to `sphinx-build`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Th `-j command 
<https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/man/sphinx-build.html#cmdoption-sphinx-build-j>`_
will build the documentation in parallel, with the number
of processes being automatically determined. Flags that follow the
``--`` are passed to `sphinx-build`_.
```

You can alternatively shorten the documentation build by running:

.. code-block:: bash

   tox -e build_docs_no_examples

This command will build the documentation without executing the
:ref:`example notebooks <example_notebooks>`.

You can check for broken reST_ links by running:

.. code-block:: bash

   tox -e build_docs_nitpicky

.. tip::

   When writing documentation, please make sure to fix any warnings that
   arise. To enforce this, the ``build_docs`` and ``build_docs_nitpicky``
   tox_ environments will fail after completing the documentation build
   if they encountered any warnings (via the ``-W`` and ``--keep-going``

>    flags to `sphinx-build`_).

Reviewer 2: Would you like to add a github action for `nitpicky`?

Author: Not yet, but I would really like to once all of the ∼10³ `nitpicky` warnings → errors are resolved.  That's going to take some time and might also depend on #1158 (and/or maybe #1149?) to be resolved to define what `optional`, etc. mean in the parameters section of docstrings.  Eventually a GitHub Action for `nitpicky` would be great!
